alex warren enters room
clicking noise
playing parser game
how to solve it?
K.V. shows an external link
document is too long
.
Daeun
We have
already solved them
.
Who likes parser games can stay here to help me
I have clicked every verbs
I have typed every objects
But I am stuck
Looks at the site visitors
.
Keeps on raging
How am I
supposed to read your mind
there were hints
they are not enough
you can ask for hints
the game creators did not reply
how do you expect
me to play a guessing game
it is impossible
this is not real gameplay
parser game creator enters room
.
I have travelled to every room
talked to every npcs
I even read
all the look descriptions
but I am still stuck
.
not every parser game
have external help links
why do you make
such hard games
that uses up so much time
.
I have not
completed the games
but
I am going to retry them
I like the worldbuilding
and the originality
but..